---
published: true
title: Santai.GG 📈
description: A platform to track statistics for the tactical shooter Spectre
  Divide - leaderboards, player stats, and tournament results.
tags:
  - TypeScript
  - React
  - Next.js
  - Backend
  - Frontend
  - Website
date: 2024-08-15
---
## Overview

I am an active maintainer and contributor of [**Santai.GG**](http://Santai.GG), an all-in-one platform for Spectre Divide news, leaderboards, and player statistics. I use technologies such as **TypeScript**, **Go**, **Postgres**, and **React** to build the frontend, backend, and even a Discord bot!

## Technologies Used

I was responsible for designing and implementing frontend components that were both visually appealing and user-friendly.

*   **TypeScript**: I wrote scripts that communicate with our database to display the top 1000 leaderboard items, player statistics, and other real-time data. I organized our backend code base for consistency and logical placement of types and scripts for great developer experience.
    
*   **Astro & Svelte**: When I first joined the project, I suggested to use Astro in order develop the project quickly as the meta framework is able to utilize React, Svelte, and many other frameworks together, leading to a greater ecosystem for us. I rewrote the entire frontend and realized how mentally taxing it was to switch between the syntaxes of these different frameworks. So I ultimately decided against Astro and moved the project back into Next.js and React.
    
*   **React & Next.js**: React has been a great UI framework (or library? 🤔) for our team. We were happy about adopting this technology as everyone was at least somewhat familiar with it. I used React to build dynamically rendered components such as the top 1000 leaderboard and player match history.
    
*   **Tailwind**: I used Tailwind to quickly style the frontend. I extended the Tailwind configuration by defining CSS variables in order to keep a consistent theme.
    

## Conclusion

The technologies used, the complexity, and the people on board proved [Santai.GG](http://Santai.GG) to be an awesome experience for me. I was able to create a modern, performant, and user-friendly platform that serves a growing community of users. The project has been a great example of creating a complete product from scratch in an incredibly short amount of time with no budget.